Scalar partial derivative (#3357)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/functions.tex

\end{lstlisting}
is the partial derivative of a function, and may only be used as declarations of functions.

The semantics is that a function (and only a function) can be specified in this form, defining that it is the partial derivative of the function to the right of the equal sign (looked up in the same way as a short class definition, and the looked up name must be a function), and partially differentiated with respect to each {\lstinline!IDENT!} in order (starting from the first one).

> The {\lstinline!IDENT!} must be scalar {\lstinline!Real!} inputs to the function.

Reviewer: Avoid singular/plural mixing:
```suggestion
Each {\lstinline!IDENT!} must be a scalar {\lstinline!Real!} input to the function.
```
